Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Welcome back from Comic-Con, thank you for coming back so early.
How many of you guys went to Comic-Con on this weekend?
Not so many, okay, they're still out there.
It's a weird year, I was just talking to Kamel in the back room and it's the first year when they did the Montreal Comedy Festival at the same time as Comic-Con,
which means that Montreal must have just been like really jockey road comics and nothing else.
It must have been a pretty uptight environment, right?
You're saying that Montreal draws, or that either one of those draws from the other side of the country?
I think that that Venn Diagram's cleavage is prodigious.
You know, comedy people and whatever, I don't know.
People go there to promote shit, new TV shows and stuff, whatever, it's not worth discussing.
Just for a laugh though, isn't that kind of on the decline? It seems like it's lesser and lesser over here.
Oh, you hear that Montreal? It's time for a new country to have a recession.
I don't know, I've only been there once.
It just seems like you hear less and less about just for laughs or jeepolis or whatever.
Well, you know, they try not to take it too seriously.
It's right in the name. They never asked for it to be a big deal.
I think that people that organize it take it very seriously.
So you're saying they're the lying when they say just for laughs?
I think there's a little bit of deception there.
Yeah, right. I mean, yeah, Comic-Con's not really about comics, I guess there's a lie in every name.
Snickers, what are you doing? You're eating it, not laughing at it.
It's not packed with peanuts, it doesn't satisfy.
GE doesn't bring anything to life, they make landmines.
And light bulbs?
Yeah, a couple light bulbs.
So anyways, looking at my Evernote thing, Bob,
I want to promote this feral audio thing that we're doing August 5th, 9 p.m. at NerdMelt.
Here comes a bunch of facts. I'm not a great pitchman.
But it's hosted by me and Aaron, it's going to be here at NerdMelt.
We're recording a, we're doing a live recording of a comedy album.
I hope I don't need any material.
It's hosted by myself and my lovely betrothed Erin McGathy.
There will be appearances by Duncan Tressel, Steve Agee, Brody Stevens,
and tons of people who have been here on Harmontown,
who also happen to be part of the Feral Audio Network.
So come to that. That's August 5th.
August 5th. What day of the week is it August 5th?
That's a Wednesday.
A Wednesday?
Tuesday.
I discussed it.
Well, no matter what, it's prime going out time.
Just get on your minx stole and pop on down here.
Wednesday or Tuesday, August 5th, 9 p.m.
Bring a, bring a glass of warm milk and the kids.
Dan, right now promise that you're going to prepare some great material for the people.
I'll probably do 10 minutes on the dentist.
All right. Animal Corner.
Animal Corner.
Give a spiel for Animal Corner.
Animal Corner. All the news that's fit to paw about our furry friends.
Here's the host of Animal Corner.
The cat's meow.
Dan Furman.
All right.
No relation to Mark Furman, the racist detective.
Okay. We're just a cousin, but I am a fan of animals.
I do not.
There should be a book series called Mark Furman, racist detective.
All right. Animal Corner.
So I talked last week about my dog.
My dog, we are in the age now of animals can watch TV with us.
Erin came home tonight.
She missed Harvey and she was like, I'm going to watch TV with him.
She found a new movie franchise with these little buddies.
You know about these guys?
They're little puppies that get into adventures.
They're little buddies franchise.
They go to space.
Sometimes they're superheroes, something like that.
Am I getting the name right?
All right. I'm 50.
Fucking Harvey loves this shit.
So this is getting weird.
Is this programming for dogs?
Well, it would appear to be.
I think it also seems to be written by them.
But it's like, Harvey goes nuts.
The thing that drives him the most crazy is if you tape him on a phone,
put it on the TV, he goes crazy.
But he also loves anything.
We put on animated Garfield trailer.
Garfield movie and he was going nuts about the cats dancing around.
Really?
Yeah. And he does it not for everything.
You put up footage of John Ritter.
He goes, okay.
Does he have food?
I don't care.
And then any animal comes on the screen.
He goes crazy.
Which John Ritter footage did you put up?
Skin deep.
The condom fight.
You don't like it?
Condom lightsaber fight.
That's not dog programming.
No. You would think they would.
Yeah, whatever.
But even the dogs can be dressed like superheroes or in space outfits.
There were dog puppies on the moon floating around in space outfits.
And Harvey was going crazy.
They got to the moon before harm intended.
Yeah.
I mean, that's more noteworthy.
It's just a movie.
First of all, they didn't actually get to the moon.
Okay.
And also it's just weird that the dog is like looking at the narrative and he, you know,
he recognizes that it's puppies in the space suits.
I mean, I barely can tell they're puppies.
How would you describe Harvey's reaction to these dogs?
He just barks.
He barks at them and then he tries to look around the other side of the wall to see where
this window is looking on these four animals.
We can't figure out if he's enjoying it or if it's torture.
His tail's wagging the whole time.
We'll just go with that.
But he barks and sometimes he whines a little bit.
That's what makes him feel a little bad.
Sorry, I'm burping.
All right.
That's half of Animal Corner.
As you know, Animal Corner is a multi-story segment.
Next item.
I'm sad that we're only halfway through it.
That means we only have half left.
Rogaine kills cats.
No.
The active ingredient, monoxidil.
I finally have a reason.
I can just go bald in peace.
Wait, have you been using Rogaine?
Well, I bought some.
I got some online.
And did you kill a cat?
No, but our friend Mike Chilean was at Comic-Con and he told me through tears that he didn't
know this and who would know this?
They don't put it on the box.
It's just a picture of a bald guy crying and then a picture.
The picture next to it isn't a dead cat.
It's a guy with hair giving a thumbs up.
They should put a cat in the background dying.
Did Mike Chilean kill a cat?
Yeah.
He did?
Did he leave it out?
No.
The cats don't.
It's not like milk.
It's so dangerous.
It's really toxic to cats.
They can't metabolize.
A cat could be near your hair with Rogaine on it.
Yeah.
They could lick it, inhale it.
Even if they smell it at all, they could have a huge toxic reaction and die.
What?
When Axial is originally being researched as a hypertension treatment, it's a blood pressure
medication.
So babies can have a really bad reaction to it too.
So you have to be careful.
Who's sniffing your pillowcase?
Who's licking your half insides?
Originally it was researched as that?
Yeah.
Then they found out it made hair grow sometimes.
That's terrible.
If you make something up, we're going to release your tension.
Also, maybe hair will shoot out of your skin.
Also, a cat might explode.
Yeah.
So that's it.
Now I can just say, well, I tried to have hair.
You have hair?
I have plenty of hair.
I got hair for people to go around.
If everybody needs hair, come see me after the show.
Wait.
I'm surprised that you are a person that tried monoxidil.
You seem like a kind of laissez-faire when it comes to hair.
Yeah.
I don't...
Laissez-hair, they call it.
I don't believe...
My definition, and this is a little hard.
Of course, it's like to define this line, but my line is dishonesty.
I think if you...
And anyone that's listening who does anything that they keep a secret for your own personal
group, whatever.
I'm not judging you.
That's not at all.
I'm saying my personal definition that would make me unhappy.
The line that I could never cross is where I was keeping something a secret.
If I had something on my head, I was like, oh man, I can't even tell anybody anything.
That's where I can't go.
But lots of people can and need to do that, and that's great for them.
So I thought, oh, Rogaine, I don't know.
It's been around for decades, and maybe it's just standard.
Because I'm a little thin on top, and I just thought maybe if it's preventative, I'll put
a little topical mousse on there.
It's just like...
They give you a little can of mousse.
So I tried it a couple times, but the really cool thing about Rogaine is that it puts in
your hand the power to be lazy.
That's the important thing, because I think the big issue with men losing their hair,
I think it's just anything about getting older, slowly melting.
It's just about control.
It's just something that you didn't choose to happen on that schedule, and it doesn't
really matter when it happens or what's happening.
It just makes you feel powerless.
But if you can buy a product that's like, I choose to take control of this.
I don't even think it matters if it works.
Because for me, I bought it, and I used it twice, and I stopped using it.
Thank God for my cat, it turns out.
Really?
Yeah, because I was like, look at me.
I don't fucking shower.
There's a million things I don't do to make myself look attractive.
I threw in the towel a long time ago, and it's nice to have a towel to throw in,
like a can of Rogaine.
Am I going to bother with this procedure?
No.
And then I'm like, yeah, I choose to be bald.
How many cats have died?
Is there proof?
Six.
I was just looking it up beforehand, because I didn't want to be libelous or irresponsible,
because you know Harmontown is the epicenter of journalistic integrity.
We have never said a single inaccurate thing.
Whether we're talking about the Muppets or Israel, we always get everything right,
and everyone's always very happy with our reporting.
By the way, which do you think is more controversial?
The Muppets or Israel?
Be real.
I would say the Muppets.
Yeah, I bet you'd get in faster hot water talking shit about the Muppets at a party
than being critical of Israeli foreign policy.
I bet you'd get a 50-50 chance, which is going to get you like a social black eye first.
All right, anyway, just think about it.
Get off my ass.
Some of those movies are shitty.
Just make nine more.
Let's make nine more Muppet movies.
I think we've almost got it.
But aren't they always kind of good?
I haven't seen one since Muppets Take Manhattan,
but aren't they always kind of enjoyable?
I'm a little sick of it.
Oh, Muppet Treasure Island's a goodie.
That's a fucking goodie.
It's Erin's favorite, and she's got a relationship with it, and I can't say anything bad about it.
She's not here tonight.
I'm just tired of the Muppets.
But if you're going to be the Muppets, at least do Robert Louis Stevenson.
Let's take a good property where the story is already intact.
I think that I would agree with Erin.
Erin would agree with you that, yes, that was their biggest success.
It's just taking existing stories.
I like the Muppets because they hired Charles Groton a lot.
There was lots of Charles Groton, and the crowd goes silent.
Charles Groton.
Before the face work.
All right, so Rogan kills your cat's animals.
Are the cats verifiably killed because of Rogan?
Is this an actual news item?
I didn't do a ton of research, but I saw...
You're going just on Mike Chilling's murder of his own...
The Poison Control Center, I think it said somewhere, had six cases of cats having terrible reactions to it.
But they can just sniff your hair.
Anyways, it's over.
So if I go bald, it's for humanitarian reasons.
Is that the end of Animal Corner?
That's the end of Animal Corner.
Yeah, I yelled at Channing Tatum through a closing elevator at Comic-Con.
I just was doing that.
This is a stolen bit that I got from one of the New York Comedy Sports guys.
The loading dock elevator door was closing backstage at Comic-Con.
That's where you're going to see the famous people.
It's like, because everyone's back there, it's like the tunnel that connects all of the panels.
So you're just...
Josh Whedon's getting flushed down the same toilet as Stan Lee and fucking Black Widow and whoever's doing anything.
So you see him...
I was dressed as a bird the whole time.
And then I saw Channing Tatum in a loading dock elevator, and the doors started to close.
And just as they almost finished closing, I did a little elevator bit I learned from our friends in New York Comedy Sports.
I ran towards the door, panicked, and said,
Soylent, greatest people!
Just anything really is just...
Elevator doors closing, like what would make you worry if you just had heard it?
You're assuming Channing Tatum knows that film?
Is that a safe assumption? Do we know Channing Tatum?
It's not why I did it.
I did it so I could tell these people.
I was like, I bet Channing Tatum is laughing his film-loving ass off right now.
Did you get a reaction?
No, you don't get... you eschew the reaction.
There's no final moment when he's going up and he looks down and he goes,
Oh my God, I'll never see you again.
It's a blind joke.
I throw it, not a blind joke for blind fans, it's a blind, blindly offered joke.
Do you have a blind joke? Like for actual blind people?
This blind guy just walks into a wall and the bartender says,
Hey, look out!
Sorry, blind people.
I called you blind people and not Jeffrey, Suzanne,
You're human beings without sight.
You don't need to be dehumanized like that, so you're not blind people.
It's weird.
If you were blind, you wouldn't mind being called a blind person, would you?
Well, I'm really strong of character.
I'm not one of these weak blind people.
I'll say, when you lose one of your senses, you become weaker of character.
I don't know if you've heard that...
He's talking to you, Jeffrey and Suzanne.
You weak blind people.
Your other senses gain strength, but your character in general weakens.
You become a worse person.
Would you rather be deaf or blind if you had to pick?
I think I... well, I don't want to be willy-nilly about that.
I think I would rather be blind.
Really? You'd rather lose sight than hearing?
Yeah, and I know humans are 90% visual creatures.
We're these primates that need to see the function,
but psychologically, we really need to be connected to each other.
Deaf communities, they're very...
It's much more passionate, because being deaf is a really divisive experience.
It puts a bigger wall between you and the person next to you than being blind.
If you're blind, you have this impairment,
and you can handle it however you want to,
but you can still hear and talk to the people around you.
Deafness, especially before the internet, was like a really, really...
It really just isolates you.
Human beings can't be isolated. It makes them feel terrible.
Anyway, so I assume I wouldn't be able to suffer that very well.
I need to be able to talk to people.
I can't do this job blind. I'm not saying...
If you're listening, God, do not make me blind to prove that it's hard.
I'm not questioning how hard it is.
I just think that I could do a lot of the things that I enjoy doing blind.
Then I would finally...
Oh, because you're the guy that hates sunsets and bridges and shit.
And also, I'm always forgetting, if you're blind...
This sounds like I'm doing blind jokes or something.
I'm not really doing that.
I'm just thinking in my head, like, if you're blind,
then everyone at every party you go to,
they have to come up and go,
hey, Dan, it's me, Suzanne Johnson,
which is something that people don't do because I can allegedly see,
even though I can't recognize their fucking face.
I never remember anybody.
So, again, God, don't take this seriously in a Twilight Zone way,
but it might be kind of a lucky break for me to be blind.
Because you already suffer from face blindness and other kinds of blindness.
It would make the things that make me a prick a lot more excusable.
I would rather lose my hearing than my sight,
because I'm a more visual guy.
I would rather see things and hear them.
Yeah.
And I'm talking straight to God.
God, I fucking dare you.
Strike me blind.
I was backstage in an event where Channing Tatum, again...
Again?
Yeah.
I was sad that that story had only one accent.
Please tell me there's more accents to that story.
I was near Jamie Lannister.
Oh, shoot!
Whatever his name is.
That hunk of sex.
And Aaron and I saw him.
I really hope Aaron doesn't mind me telling the story.
She's not here. She won't listen to me.
Aaron saw him and she said,
Jamie Lannister's over there and I was like, whoa, holy shit.
And then we were like, wow, that's fucking Jamie Lannister.
It's really weird to see him.
And then Aaron said, man, he looks good.
And I was like, you know, there's a level of truth to that
that supersedes jealousy.
I was like, yeah, he does look really good.
And this is Aaron just expressing how good he looked.
I don't want to get her...
I don't know if she'd be mad at me telling this.
She says, yeah, he's standing next to Channing Tatum
making him look like a big bag of puke.
What's wrong with that?
Channing Tatum's eyes are too close together.
I don't like that fucking guy.
Jamie Lannister is fucking sexy as fuck.
When I first saw Game of Thrones, I was like,
that guy, he's almost like exhilaratingly good looking.
That guy could kick my 10-year-old kid out a window anytime.
Anytime? He could fuck my sister.
I'd watch him fuck his sister.
I would let him fuck my sister with my chopped-off hand.
I'd take his chopped-off hand to a movie.
A Channing Tatum movie and just make fun of it.
Who's this ugliest piece of shit?
Looks like a fucking pumpkin.
I just think Aaron should be able to choose which celebrity
goes on record as calling a bag of puke.
It's not her.
Look, look, anybody standing next to Jamie Lannister
is in deep trouble.
Like, I don't care how good looking you are.
You're in deep shit if you're standing next to certain people.
That guy, he's so good looking that he shouldn't be that good an actor.
He also is a good actor.
Like, that's fucking terrifying.
Yeah, you know, he's like Spanish or something?
What is he?
He's Israeli. I have no idea.
Did you know he's a muppet?
What is he?
Danish.
Norwegian.
He's Norwegian.
Swedish. Well, that's close enough.
He's across the fjord.
Yeah, he's a hunk.
He's good.
What a character arc, too.
You fucking hated that guy and now you fucking root for him?
It's so funny to watch Game of Thrones
other than every once in a while just purposefully remember
that the story started with this guy murdering a child
because he saw him fucking his sister.
And you're just like, ah, let's go.
Don't get him, Superman.
You're looking. You can do no wrong.
It's like, oh, I hope his sword lessons go good today.
It's a good show.
I just started watching Deadwood again.
I let enough time pass.
When I first watched Deadwood, I don't know about you guys.
Maybe it's not for everybody, but I watched it.
We used to watch it at my place, your place.
We'd have little Deadwood parties.
But I instantly thought, I wonder how many years has to go by
for me to watch this again and enjoy it again.
The answer is no.
I'm now watching it again and couldn't be happier about it.
God damn that show.
I'm kind of ready for a wire rewatch.
I'll rewatch wire with you any time, man.
Will you rewatch it with me and Jamie Lannister's hand?
If you call my dick the Kingslayer.
Just for no reason.
Those are my criteria.
Well, let's bring out Game of Thrones and society expert,
Kumail Nanjiani.
I brought you out as soon as I could just to get into the shade.
Did they say the AC was repaired in this place?
Oh, is that not on?
I think we could...
I think that's probably...
It's on?
I feel like Satchmo.
Maybe I'm just gaining Satchmo?
Louis Armstrong?
Are you going to carry around a little talent?
I need like a rag.
Because that is what he was most known for.
The rag.
Well, I know he played the horn or something,
but you're like Satchmo without the historical context
and the musical ability.
By the way, I looked it up.
Minoxidil, which is the ingredient in Rogaine,
is very, very poisonous to cats.
Yeah.
But only six cases have been reported.
Four of those died.
But then so many people probably don't report it, like Chileans.
Because cats die.
I think if a cat dies and you also are going bald,
you don't connect those dots.
You're like, now I've only got one problem.
Also, there was a couple of those people
who are actually putting Rogaine on their cats.
Like because their cat has a bald patch or something.
Is that true?
That's what I read online.
Oh, I read that too.
That's crazy.
Can I say one...
Okay, no, let's...
No, say it.
Say it.
Okay, so this goes back to a little while ago,
we had a heated discussion about...
and I don't want to bring up like source subjects,
I thought it was interesting about how we treat people
who try to talk to us in public differently.
You want to engage and I don't.
Like at the airport or something.
You're like, hey, what's your vibe?
And I'm like, hey, fuck off.
Nobody wants to be confronted when you're not ready for it.
Right.
No, but I mean just like engage in conversation.
And I said, usually when I'm on a plane,
I'll ignore the people trying to talk to me.
On a plane, fuck everybody.
I want to pretend that I absolute object
for graveyard silence on a plane.
Last week, I was flying back from Atlanta
and I sit down and an old lady's going to sit next to me
and I help her with her bag.
And I put the bag up and she says,
and I'm thinking about what's your approach.
And she says, I'm sorry, it's really heavy.
You don't want to know what's in there.
Now you do.
No, I don't.
No, I do.
You want to know, I don't want to know.
Because it's probably a human head.
Well, luckily she needs no prompting.
She tells me, she's like, it's six pounds of strudel.
It's for my son.
So now.
Now I don't want to know anything.
Now I'm at a crossroads.
Am I going to engage her?
Or am I just going to sit silently?
And because you were so passionate about it,
I was like, all right, I'll try this.
And I said, huh, might have to fight your son for it.
That's what I said.
OK.
That's not how I would have approached it.
Well, this is what happened.
This is how I got fucked.
I have to fight your son for it.
And she goes, good luck.
He's six three.
He's an architect.
And that's when I knew I was fucked.
Because she was giving out information
that had nothing to do with what we were talking about.
She just wanted to.
He could build a labyrinth around you.
I do need to build a labyrinth around.
They should have to fight minotaurs or whatever.
And then she talked to me the entire time.
She said the phrase.
And when she said, my son's an architect,
I loudly kind of said fuck because I knew I was fucked.
And she twice used the phrase,
well, you know the kind of people
that the black community holds up as heroes.
And in my head, I was just strangling Jeff.
You're out there.
Jeff, you're out there talking to these fucking people.
You're out there fucking feeding gremlins after midnight.
And they go out attacking Phoebe Kates.
Phoebe Kates did nothing.
I'm Phoebe Kates.
Why?
You did it wrong.
You got her wet.
You don't get him wet.
You didn't see her.
She hasn't been wet in a while.
I don't mean get her wet like Horny.
She was in her 70s.
It's been a while.
Part of the art of talking to the stranger
is knowing when to and how to engage.
Well, I didn't.
I just...
You can't just go willy nilly and talk about strudel
and fight her sons.
I want to fight her sons.
She had every right to come back with six foot two
and architect.
And then just so much and I would just look at
looking straight and I could just see her like looking at me
like as soon as he looks at me.
I've got another thing ready to go.
If you're in a play with somebody who's a chatterbox
and you want them to stop talking, here's what you do.
You look at them.
I can't be racist to them because that's just going to spur her on.
Yeah.
You're part of the black community.
Look at them and go shush.
But it was a smile.
You go shushy, shushy pie.
Oh, give me a break.
No, no, no.
If you ever shush another adult,
if you put your finger up to your mouth,
they go shush, they fucking shut up.
I'm shooting.
Nobody keeps talking.
I'm sorry.
What's your name?
Maria?
Shush.
Yeah.
Well, you could also call her a content.
She'd shut up.
No, no, no.
Go around doing it.
You could pull out a gun.
No.
Yeah.
You could say something more racist than her to the point where
she thought you were a little extreme.
If you're on a plan to go, look, you say, look,
I need to take a nap.
I want to read my book.
Shut the fuck up.
I was on a plane one time when there was an old guy.
I mean, when I say old, I'll put him at 68.
That's my guess on this guy.
He was one or two rows behind me.
And he was talking to another guy at the top of his fucking lungs.
And I got the feeling that he was probably a little bit hard of hearing
because he was yelling.
And so the other guy was yelling to him because I think that guy
thought he was hard of hearing too.
So another two guys just for a five-hour flight from New York to LA,
just, well, you know another thing about fishing.
I got down, I love to go fishing.
And like everyone else is fucking sleeping because it's 9 a.m.
and I just stood up and looked at him and just gave the finger to the lips
and went shush.
And it was fucking boneyard silence after that
because I'm 6'2 and I'm an architect.
You can't just talk to everybody.
That's a real dick move.
No, it's a fucking plane.
There's people, everybody else was bummed out.
Also, no joke, and this is not me grandizing my situation.
People came up to me during and after the flight on the plane
and then at the baggage claim and came up and said, thank you.
You should have been shush.
And I said, yeah, shush.
And I said, I'll fight your son.
You'll fight, you'll fight your son for strudel.
I was doing a bet.
She loved it.
You can't just tap a hornet's nest.
I know.
You don't rub the lantern, man.
Are we just saying that some of us are good at talking to people?
Yeah.
And some of us are bad at it, so we don't want to do it.
We also talked about, and you're talking about that show
several Harmontowns ago, Camille, where you were saying that you,
I think you were doing a bit where you were saying that you're not gregarious,
but you are a very gregarious person.
Yeah, but I don't like to talk to people I don't know.
I'm fairly friendly.
Under any circumstances, you're never curious about a stranger
or strike up a conversation with a person next to you?
Never once have I initiated a conversation with a stranger.
I'm pretty sure.
So you tried it because of me and you fucking...
And look what happened.
The kinds of people that the black community holds up as heroes.
You're a curious guy.
I was in Nashville recently last week where I wasn't here the last time in town
and we had a cab driver, it was an Uber.
I'll talk to cab drivers.
Yeah, because that's a stranger.
Yeah, I will talk to them.
And I was in the front seat and everyone else in the back seat
and he was kind of an oddball and he was a guy that...
I think he gave me a business card.
He is a guy that is absolutely certain that global warming is not happening
and he's a filmmaker and also an Uber driver.
So he's an Uber driver.
Well, look, lots of filmmakers are Uber drivers, potentially.
Yeah, that's what... I saw Spielberg the other day.
He drove into the business.
He was just a privilege.
I would rather watch a movie by a guy that used to be an Uber driver or still is.
But he was saying like, well, you know,
80% of scientists are emphatically agree that global warming is not happening.
And I said, is that right?
I said, I've heard people say that 90-something percent of scientists agree that it is.
He goes, no, that's what Al Gore wants you to believe.
And my movie is called An Inconvenient Lie.
Ah, yes, he flipped it.
Why shouldn't he call it a convenient lie?
Maybe...
A convenient truth.
I don't know.
He's between shots right now because, you know, the weather is shitty.
He can't shoot anything.
So he's driving his Uber around the air conditioning on.
But he's saying like, he's like, no.
I said, but aren't like...
And I was not going to try to like...
I don't have enough information to shout him down about that.
But I said, but aren't like...
Isn't there like satellite imagery of ice shelves falling off
and isn't that kind of proof that that's an unprecedented kind of unstoppable rate?
And he goes, no, no.
He goes, that's an absolute lie.
And he was very level-headed about it.
He said, every time an Antarctic ice shelf falls off,
one grows in the Arctic Ocean.
Huh?
That is very inspiring.
And I was like, for real?
He goes like, nature has a balance.
And when one falls off, it creates another ice shelf.
Like I was like, give me your email address
that I have to see this movie.
I want to premiere that movie about the guy that is certain
that humans not only don't have an impact on the environment,
they couldn't.
Has he been making it already?
Or he wants to make it?
I got the feeling that this is almost like it's done.
They're in post on this.
Oh, yeah?
Huh, yeah.
I want to see it.
I want to see it, too.
Yeah, I really want to see it.
But if you didn't talk to strangers,
you would never know that there's a guy that is certain
that scientists all agree that humans are having no impact on the environment.
I'm sure there are guys like that out there.
I just don't want to really talk to them.
But if they make a movie, I'll watch it.
Then how would you know about it?
About the movie?
I'm friends with you.
You're our emissary.
Go out and collect the nuggets.
I find it hard to believe that you could be sitting next to people
at an airport or anywhere and not lean over and talk to people.
You're such a garrulous, friendly guy.
I don't talk to people at airports.
Bullshit, you must.
I don't.
Not at airports, but at a restaurant, a bar,
you don't ever look over and say,
hey, you just never strike up conversation?
No.
Ever.
Maybe that's why...
I'm not a stand-up.
I've never been moved to write jokes, go up on stage and do that.
Maybe that's like a...
I get it all out.
To be a stand-up maybe is a thing like...
Oh, you're getting it out and,
oh, okay, so if you didn't talk to people, maybe you...
I'd be funnier.
No, you'd be doing stand-up.
I don't know.
Well, I would like to get a Comic-Con report from the king of Comic-Con
2014, Spencer Crittenden.
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Whoa.
Hey, Spencer, how you doing, man?
That was good.
I thought that vocal was someone yelling at me.
What vocal?
The vocal in that song that was playing.
The song is called Loudmouth by Ray Kondo.
It sure was.
Comic-Con.
Yeah, what happened?
Give us the scoop.
Uh, my feet hurt.
Did you enjoy yourself?
Yeah.
Give me a...
What was your highlight?
Is there a highlight?
I got to play Super Smash Brothers.
The new one is Mega Man.
That's all I've ever wanted to do with my entire life.
It was great.
The convention was packed, packed more than ever.
And there was more than ever sign saying you couldn't do stuff.
And more than ever, people telling you what to do.
And it was kind of a bummer.
And where I remember there used to be booths where it's all like,
oh, get a free USB drive.
Here, have a free sticker.
Now it's like, win a raffle to get a sticker.
And it's just, like, it's getting cheapened.
There was a new development this year that was just,
if I hadn't crossed a threshold in my head where I was like,
look, I'm just another rich douche here promoting things.
I'm not going to look at myself as one of the nerds anymore.
I'm looking at myself as an exploiter of nerds.
I've got two shows I'm promoting here.
I'm getting driven around in SUVs.
Let's be real.
My experience at Comic-Con, if it's good, is great for me
and not for anyone else in particular.
It was one thing that I let get to me as a nerd of old,
which was just like, now they just station these guys
who I couldn't describe any way else other than to just call them gym teacher types.
Because, I mean, I don't know who else goes into security at a convention center.
And they're peppered every 30 feet throughout the convention center
and they're literally just yelling at a sea of nerds,
keep it moving.
And they do it indiscriminately when people are moving,
when there's heavy traffic areas, when there's no people in a mile.
So we already know you can't sit on the floor at Comic-Con,
which used to be, this is my big thing that I always had a problem with.
I went to SuperCon in Miami, I went to New York, Comic-Con.
You can still see what is a beautiful thing to me,
which is this is our people, this is the way we pray.
We buy a bunch of shit with our enormously disposable income
because no one's dating us.
We consume the fuck out of stuff.
And when we get exhausted from buying your shit,
we plop our fatasses down on the carpet against the nearest stretch of wall
and we look through it until we can get a bit of strength
to take another surge through this stuff
and we're dressed like the monopoly guy and pirates and spider people.
And it used to be, and then I was like,
okay, you can't sit on the floor anymore.
Okay, well yeah, that's because Bruce Willis' PR team's coming through
and now I'm part of that problem too, so I dropped that.
I dropped that passion.
If you want to sit on the floor, go to New York.
But keep it moving, keep it moving.
I can't fucking move.
I'm doing too much money for me to move.
That's fucking crazy. Keep it moving.
That's exactly what a gym teacher says.
In that vein, a lot of the traffic signals were shut down
and they had traffic enforcement directing traffic and stuff.
And I always thought it was pretty weird
because they call them traffic enforcement officers,
but they're really more like traffic naggers.
They just tell you what to do and if you don't, they're like,
doh! And then just everyone continues doing it,
like what they're going to do.
They don't actually stop people. They never sight anyone.
There's like five people at the same intersection.
You think one of them can go tackle someone.
Like, it wouldn't be that hard.
They're not really enforcing anything.
Yeah, I saw a lot of mob rule happening at the crosswalks,
which is kind of a nice thing.
People just crawling under the cross arms on the railroad track.
Well, did you see that accident that happened and this family of deaf people
got beat up by nerds at Comic-Con?
What?
This happened yesterday.
So there was a...
An accident?
There was a...
Damn deaf people.
So you chose wisely.
But they were driving a car,
which would be significantly more challenging if you were blind.
So they were waiting at a crosswalk
and it was the zombie run was happening.
So this guy had little kids who couldn't hear.
Then suddenly, people in amazing like zombie outfits keep coming by
and these kids start freaking out.
It's taking a long time.
So he starts like nudging his car forward
because there's no rule.
And they started attacking the car
and breaking the windshield and stuff.
What?
Yeah.
And then so he like tried to get away and hit an old lady.
Why was an old lady there?
I don't know, but she broke her arm
and nobody died, but...
Oh man.
But I saw it.
It's funny because I was over at a pizza place
watching like that procession go by
and then it kept being interrupted by all these emergency vehicles
and that's what that was.
Yeah.
They were going to attend to that.
But it was funny because you see this parade
and then it gets like pushed off into the sidewalk
and then they keep going like nothing happened.
I became part of that.
I was kind of bummed out about it.
It seemed like all of the...
There's just a sea of what I perceived as San Diego natives
who are all eating at restaurants
with their cameras out watching
really extra slow nerds walk by them.
And I was like part of this fucking parade.
I'm like this is the worst.
I'm hungry, not for human flesh.
I'm going to meet people.
But I couldn't...
You can't like knock over a stroller with a zombie baby in it
and I'll blow them by.
I do love going though, even with all that.
You see when the people are dressed up and stuff.
It's very exciting.
There's still a lot of passionate people around
and they're getting yelled at by gym teachers.
But they're still there.
I had a great time.
I mean again, as I say, big asterisk at the top of all this.
I've become some strange protected elitist astronaut.
I land at Comic-Con and I'm handled now.
I'm escorted to the place I need to be.
Parts of the convention center that nobody gets to see.
Like behind the thing.
I get to see Channing Tatum in an elevator and do bits.
So for me, everything was seamless.
And every single person I'm meeting is someone who is moved
to speak to me because they so admire me.
So it's like my experience is like...
It's insanely biased.
But I was a really great Comic-Con.
Do you think you could sit down and someone wouldn't tell you to keep it moving?
No, I don't.
Well, there was a moment.
Like after I finished the adult swim signing, it was kind of weird.
Like I was sort of like, I was fat, old guy, my gray stringing hair.
And I had had like Vodka delivered to me while I was signing stuff
by Justin's assistant.
Tomorrow, thank you, tomorrow.
And I was done with the signing and it was like,
no one cared that I had a glass of Vodka on the rocks at the signing table.
And so, and then when it was over, I just kind of wandered off with it.
So for a moment there, I was kind of just strolling through the exhibit hall
with this cocktail in my hand.
And I did kind of feel like the king of something.
Because there was no, nobody was telling me, you're not allowed to do that.
And it's like, of course you can't have like glassware.
Yeah.
But it was filled with booze.
I was like, I felt like Dean Martin or something.
I don't know if I, last year this happened,
I don't know if I talked about it here, but women have like a different experience
that women like get groped and stuff, that happens, I was walking with Emily.
A Comic-Con?
Yeah.
Well, there was a new thing there this year.
I mean, it's not a new thing, a new awareness of it.
What's the Twitter handle?
Cosplay is not consent.
Well, Cosplay is not consent is the slogan.
There's a Twitter, there's a Twitter account.
Is it really a thing?
Cosplay is not consent.
No, it's not.
Yes, all women.
But women like dress up in cosplay and guys think it's okay to treat them like,
you know.
Like cartoons.
Like cartoons, yeah.
Well, not that.
Well, they objectify them.
Like not people, yeah.
If a girl's dressed as poison ivy, then obviously it's okay to just run up to her
and go like, hey, how are you?
Or let me get a picture without actually engaging them like a human being
because they're dressed as poison ivy.
But you said that they're actually being handled and groped.
There's reports of that.
Yeah, well, last year I was walking and it was me and Emily who were walking.
And Emily was like, this guy keeps, like, she felt, she's some guy like sort of,
was like really close to her.
His crotch on her, like weird, yeah.
So I looked back expecting like a huge crowd, but it was just me and Emily
and then one guy behind her.
And no one else around, just the three of us walking
and I was like, what the fuck, dude?
Yeah.
Just mounting her as you're walking around?
Well, I mean, it was Jamie Lannister, so he was fine with it.
No, it was like me and her and just like one dude behind it.
When I looked, he went away, but we just expected like to be a huge crowd
and people getting pushed around.
But is it Geeks for Consent?
Yeah, that was the Twitter thing I was looking at in the limo ride home
from my privileged flying saucer that I hover over.
Yeah, Geeks for Consent.
It's a small group of people from what I've been able to gather
from reading their updates and things.
What it is, is that San Diego Comic-Con, as an official PR perspective,
they don't want to create the idea that this is a problem,
so they'd rather just wait until something terrible, whatever their position is.
And that's what this group is running up against.
They're saying, can we just add, can we make the one formal step
of adding official, thorough anti-harassment language to the Comic-Con guidelines?
What constitutes it and how it'll be dealt with and all that stuff?
I think they have like one sentence in there that's like, don't harass people.
Is it for all women or just for women that choose to dress up in cosplay outfits?
I would guess all women, I wouldn't think you'd have to dress up as Sailor Moon to not be sexually harassed.
You know what I mean? I bet it would be all women.
I think it's just all human beings.
I think as with anywhere, you're allowed to feel safe.
If you choose to dress up as a character, you're not necessarily saying to strangers
that they have an elevated level of permission with you in a social context.
They're just saying, that makes perfect sense to me.
All this group is asking, can you please add that language to the big long list of warnings
about don't wear your Google glasses when you watch the next Hugh Jackman movie at the panel.
They're very thorough about that.
What will happen to you in anti-piracy and stuff?
Not so thorough about just letting somebody know, don't run up to Sailor Moon,
throw your hand around her waist, take a selfie, talk to her like she's Sailor Moon.
It's a person and yeah, that's it.
I thought that was interesting as our world keeps changing under our feet.
Spencer, did you have a low light of the Comic-Con?
Yeah, I'm like to shame Hasbro Incorporated.
It's high time, man.
Yeah, they had this situation where they had a booth that was like a store,
like many other stores in the Comic-Con situation,
but this booth was special because in order to get the privilege of lining up
in the ridiculously long line to buy the merch,
you had to get these tickets elsewhere at a completely different place like at 6 in the morning.
And that's before the Comic-Con even opens.
So it's like get to Comic-Con three hours before they open so you could get a ticket
so you could stand in line to buy this shit and it was a bummer.
What were you planning to buy from Hasbro?
Promotional magic cart stuff because Hasbro bought Wizards of the Coast,
so they own magic and stuff.
It's a bummer.
But on a highlight related note, I got to go to a weird magic event hosted by Geek and Sundry
and I got to play magic with just some new players, but also this guy, shit.
I think his name was Doug Byer, but he's a magic executive guy and I got to see one of them.
Did they know who you were?
No, no, no. It was cool.
Did you have any reflected celebrity from being a...
Yeah, I mean, there was probably about 40 people that stopped me and talked to me
from Harmontown or from TV. It was cool.
I bet a lot of other dudes with funny tails and big beers also got stopped.
I bet they did.
We saw you yesterday, no you didn't.
There was about three or four people that were like, did I see you?
And then I was like, I don't know, did you?
And then they're like, I don't know. And I was like, do you watch TV?
And they're like, no. I was like, well, a lot of people just generally look like this,
like with a crazy beard and long hair and glasses and fat.
They thought you were a Hammurabi.
Yeah. I mean, I have a coat.
I hope I'm not speaking out of term and telling the Justin story, even the elevator.
Justin Roiland, the co-creator of Rick and Morty was really drunk and he got into an elevator
and he goes through a curtain.
He's a great drunk.
It's great near quotes, you know what I'm saying? He's a big drunk.
And there was a guy in the elevator that was, I think, in a wheelchair.
I'm hearing this story third hand.
And he, Justin was just being big and gregarious and stuff.
And he kind of, he was sort of like putting a hand on the guy's shoulder and saying,
you know, yeah, isn't that right?
Or whatever, kind of like inviting everyone to the party in the elevator,
kind of like, let's all hang out in the elevator right now and be friends and look at how drunk I am.
And at the third time, the guy said, look, you're really invading my space right now.
I'm very uncomfortable.
And Justin was like, oh, shit, sorry.
He got really quiet.
And then he said, he said, listen, I don't know if you're like a fan of Adventure Time or like that.
And the guy kind of laughed and said, I know who you are.
Oh!
Oh, shit.
Pack a snap.
Wow.
That could not have gone any worse.
That elevator just became a crater.
Yes.
I wouldn't let Jamie Lannister touch me this much.
Wow.
I saw an old friend of ours.
We haven't had him on the show in a while at Comic-Con.
And he's looking and feeling great.
So I told him to come down and I give us a little update because it seems like it's all good news.
Let's welcome back Seek Donnelly.
Thank you.
We all remember this guy.
Multiple aneurysm survivor who the last time we saw you.
We're snuggling.
Oh, yeah.
You're kind of invading Camille's personal space.
Hey, I know who you are.
When I was at Comic-Con, I pressed my junk against people.
And then when they turned around and go, what are you doing?
You go, I survived multiple aneurysms.
I have earned this.
I played that card, yeah.
The last time we talked to you, it was very sobering and, I mean, not technically for me,
but emotionally sobering declaration on your part that you had been going to these doctors
and studying you and in the same course, treating you while they studied you,
you know, putting coils up your legs and stuff I can't even imagine.
All I know is Rogaine could kill my cat, so I've got it bad.
And you were told them, let's knock it off because there was a little bit of time that you weren't on the treatments
and then you felt more creative and you were like, I mean, the way that you had put it,
or at least the way I've seen articles written about it is that even if it's a crass way of saying it,
you're like, I want to be creative even if it kills me because you're recognizing that you're not getting this treatment anymore
and it's sort of like a roll of the dice with whatever's going on in your brain and you,
but the effects of the treatment were kind of neutering you creatively.
Am I getting any of this wrong?
No, that's all exactly what was going on.
So you came out here last time and said, all right, no more treatments and off I go
and I'm going to go draw stuff and be productive and come what may.
And so now you can, now you give us the update.
Well, yeah, so I mean, my energy level's been up.
I've been having fewer incidents as far as like blackouts and seizures.
I still have some, but they're few and far between basically.
I seem to be thinking a lot more.
I'm solving like, because a lot of things I do is like I buy puzzles and solve puzzles
and like to help, you know, my brain still sponge.
It's absorbing.
I build transformers and, you know, and model kits and everything like that.
So I love doing all that stuff and it keeps the creative juices going.
Now I've found that I can't stop.
I'm getting very little sleep.
I'm probably sleeping like three hours a night maybe and I can't shut my brain down
and it's just, it's nonstop going and productive like I'm doing a lot.
Now a lot more than I did before I had an aneurysm at one time.
And there are effects that it's having on me, but they're again so far,
few and far between that I'm, I don't know, I seem to be what I've always wanted to be,
which is a little super human lately.
Is it a worry that you're not sleeping enough?
Like would you like to be able to shut that down a little bit?
Yeah, I would love to.
We, we tried a couple of things.
I actually, a couple, I think it was about a month ago.
I had sleep deprivation because I was up for a couple of days and then,
and then after that I got, you know, some, some stuff to knock me out.
And then since then I've been, I'll get three hours of sleep at night and then
sometimes I'll take an hour nap in the middle of the day.
But my energy level, like we just did Comic Con last year.
I think I sat two days out because I was sick.
This year I, it could have gone three more days.
Really?
Yeah.
That's great.
What about like loud noises and stuff?
I thought you like, like when you're in big crowds and people are getting kind of loud.
Yeah, I used to walk around with headsets on at cons and I would listen to like
water flowing and it would drown everything out.
Now the noise sounds like water flowing.
So even all the yelling and the screaming and the body odor and the everything.
Do your doctors have any, do they weigh in on that?
Well, I only have the one neurologist now and he's not,
he never gave me advice and stuff on that level.
It was always the other, the guinea pig doctors.
Is there anything for them to learn off of this?
If I still went to them, maybe.
Really?
Yeah.
What's your doctor's take on everything?
I mean, he's kind of a pothead.
So he's like, yeah, transformers.
He prescribed transformers.
More transformers.
I would take three Doritos and call me in the morning.
Do the other doctors try and contact you like an ex-girlfriend or something?
Hey, how are we doing?
Are you still, you know, with the brain?
Do you just get coffee?
No.
No, I don't, we don't, they don't reach out to me.
Well, that's fantastic.
What are you up to creatively?
Well, I'm working on the book I mentioned that you guys all helped me fund on Kickstarter,
Alain Vitao, which is me doing all the different art styles.
I just recently choreographed a dance for the book.
Basically, I'm trying to find out what kind of artist I am.
So every page in the book is a different type of art.
Expressionism, surrealism, sculpting, painting, singing, choreography, filmmaking.
So it's a very trans-media book.
So I've been working on that.
And then I actually premiered my new comic at Comic-Con called Mono Man.
Well, I was looking at it.
How was your visual memory still where it was?
Is that coming back for you, C?
For you guys.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, my visual memory.
So I've been having more dreams.
I can remember them.
And I've actually, at Comic-Con, I drew four people came out to me and commissioned me to do sketches for them.
And only two of them I actually had to look at pictures for.
I actually drew Spider-Man without even looking at them.
I liked seeing a picture of them.
I was able to know enough in my head to draw Spider-Man.
So I would say, again, it's finally getting past that sponge level and I'm learning.
Yeah, I don't want to go, I mean, I'm going to go out on a limb here, but you know, you ran into me the other day at Comic-Con, you know.
And you were with a guy who didn't know me, right?
So did you recognize me?
Yes.
Yeah, which didn't happen in the past.
Like at all, right?
I mean, sometimes.
But that's crazy.
Yeah, the way I found you this time, I wouldn't have been able to before.
We were just walking by and I looked over and I go, oh, there's Spencer.
Yeah.
I'm going to go say hi to him.
It's amazing.
Same with Dan.
I mean, same with you.
Oh yeah, me.
Yeah, when I saw you at the signing and stuff and I saw Dustin too, I just, it's starting to like, I don't know, things are sticking.
When I see you, I always get the impression that you recognize me and see me and know who I am.
Well, yeah, because a lot of times what I do is I get things down.
I know you're tall and I know you wear a suit.
And if I see you at Meltdown.
That does narrow most of the people we hang out with don't fit that.
Yeah, so if I'm in Meltdown and I see that, I'm pretty much like, or if I'm at a bar and I see that, I like, you know.
And then also hearing includes you in too, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, hearing.
When you say hi.
How do you recognize me, Sikh?
Your speech pattern.
Oh, nice.
Nice side step, bro.
We all know what you really do.
We're going to expunge racism from aneurysm survivors.
We've got a new strategy about this.
We figured out it's too deeply rooted in society and we're going to start with Sikh and make sure he's not racist.
This is all your art in here?
No, I'm actually the writer of this book.
So like I said before, I think I told you about it.
It's really hard for me to find a job.
A lot of people don't want to hire a guy who has memory problems because they're like, hey, did you do that thing yesterday?
And I go, what thing?
And then it doesn't get done.
So I have a really great boss who is actually here in the audience.
I brought him with me.
His name is Omar Spahi and he started a comic company called OSSM Comics.
And he hired me as an editor and chief for him, which is what I always wanted to do with comics would be an editor.
And then he was crazy enough to say, hey, do you want to write one of these comics that we're publishing?
So I did.
I'm a big, you know, like you, a Joseph Campbell fan.
I wanted to do something I just straight up called it monomyth.
It's called a spade a spade and it's the story of Lucifer and Michael in reverse.
So actually Lucifer tells Adam and Eve not to eat the apple and Michael is the angel that falls from heaven.
So it's like a what if earth book because I'm a big Marvel what if fan.
And it's got a Nerdist.com did a great review on it and a lot of, you know, got a lot of press NPR.
Someone was really nice at NPR and did an interview with me about this and Elan Vitao and soul star.
So yeah, it's definitely got a lot of controversy.
We had, you know, the religious protest protesters outside Comic Con.
I love those guys.
I made a friend with one of them actually.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I recorded a video of him.
He donated to soul star.
So you're not all bad.
Those guys are so odd.
I don't know.
It's like, if you walk by, if you hang out there long enough, there's going to be somebody of equally confusing, equally confusing conviction that starts to yell at them and argue with them.
And it's like, I don't know what's at stake for either way.
Yeah.
But it's like a guy saying like, you know, why should Jesus have, why should you need more superpowers than Jesus gave you?
Like just some doubt.
It's like, come on.
What are you taught?
No one's coming to this convention because they don't want Jesus to be loved.
It's not a convention.
Yeah.
They're hating Jesus because Superman gets blind.
How come God can't fuck where it came from?
What are you talking about?
Have you ever been in there?
Have you ever read a comic book?
You know what the best origin story was?
Yeah.
I've got a sequel for you.
Reboot this.
Christopher Nolan.
It's really weird.
There was a guy who just sat up with a, he had a lawn chair and a boom box.
He was just blaring what sounded to me like it was just a bad recording of his church's like rock band or something.
He just thought he could bathe people in positive energy.
He didn't regard it as noise pollution at all.
It's just like, it's already loud here and insufferable and he's just blaring garbage at people.
It's just garbled garbage on a cassette tape.
Now I feel bad because he was blaring the song I wrote for Alain Vitao.
You're right, Christian Rock music now.
That's my thing, man.
What if you found out that was your art?
That would glow.
Fuck.
Good news, bad news.
What if you made us all start loving Christian Rock?
That became a new thing.
Then I would be the Antichrist, probably.
Sure, the Antichrist, I mean, you're not a responseer.
He was just talking about this.
According to all reports and revelations, the Antichrist, you know,
his big point of efficacy is going to be that everybody really likes him a lot
because he's like really kind of nice and charming.
Yeah, and people might think he's like the Messiah, I think, if I read right.
So it's just like, well, whatever one looks like the next Jesus, that's get him.
Yeah.
And wait for some shithead that's badmouthing him, too.
And then give that guy your everlasting faith.
That's quite a problem when you realize it, yeah.
That is true. That's really funny.
That's why Jesus doesn't want to come back.
He's like, they're going to get me again.
How do you jump into this double dutch?
Red hot peppers, shit.
Do you remember when we were saying that listening to like heavy metal music backwards
had like satanic messages in it or whatever?
Yeah, I don't know.
I just thought it's funny that like Satan is up there, like these are the fucking people.
This is what they're doing. They're like sitting around smoking pot, listening to music backwards.
Like they're not like the best, most productive members of society.
When I was a little kid...
Their websites are terrible.
When I was a little kid, there was the D&D report.
News was talking about people that played this thing called Dungeons and Dragons.
And they were playing it in my town when I was a little kid in Tustin in Orange County.
There were these big sewers that you could go hang out in if you were a teenager.
A good turtle?
Yeah, if you were a martial artist turtle.
Which I am.
But there were reports that there were ritual slangs and there was no...
Well, that's how the West Memphis 3 thing happened.
That all came from that kind of fear.
Yeah, it was the Dallas Egbert III, whatever his name was.
It was the kid that went missing from the UCLA.
Now I'm just spreading rumors.
This was the 80s. There was a kid that went missing.
Dallas Egbert III?
His name was Dallas Egbert Jr. or something like that.
There was a book. It's called The Dungeon Master.
It was published in the 80s by this guy, William Deere, who was a private investigator.
Dallas Egbert... something like that.
The third, which means someone else's name.
Dallas Egbert IV.
This is a good enough name.
If it ain't broke.
He was a kid that went missing from a college campus.
He was like one of those worms or archetypes.
He was there. He was at college way early because he was a genius.
And because he was a genius, he was also kind of, you know...
He had wanderlust and rebellion and boredom and stuff, and he just disappeared one day.
And because it was like at the apex of this, what is this judges and dragons thing?
All of this urban legend started emanating out of this kid's disappearance.
It was like, you know, they played Dungeons and Dragons in the steam tunnels underneath the college's campus.
And he was the one with people that was doing this.
And that's why he's disappeared.
And the whole book is written by this private investigator who specialized in cult deprogramming,
which was the most recent fad, and now is hopping aboard this one.
So this book is about him hot on the trail of this kid who's disappeared while playing D&D.
So he goes and climbs trees and spies on hobbit clubs.
Like the Tolkien Society meets in the woods, and he climbs a tree and eavesdrops on them.
He goes into a hobby store and pays the clerk 50 bucks on the slides,
and says, hey, can you give me a game of Dungeons and Dragons?
And he plays in a hotel room, Dungeons and Dragons.
So Dungeons and Dragons characterizes as like he loses his consciousness and he wakes up on the hotel rooms empty.
Like he's just writing all this stuff.
And then the kid comes back after a couple of days and says, no, I figured out I was gay and I loved heroin.
I'm a genius. I got bored.
Oh, D&D? Yeah, I played that too.
Jesus Christ.
The book literally ends with the kid calling the detective and going, I hear you looking for me.
I like that he still wrote the book.
The story must be told.
And part of it was the note he left didn't match his handwriting and that was always a big like missing puzzle piece.
So he meets the kid in the diner and goes like, but what about the note?
And he's like, oh yeah, let me show you. And he wrote it with his left hand.
Why'd you do that? Because I thought I would fuck with people.
Because I wrote a book.
I'm a gay heroin addict genius.
Yeah, I'm bored. I'm bored. The society is run by people like you.
Your book needed an ending. I'm trying to help.
Yeah, you're welcome. You're welcome on behalf of everyone in the Manson family,
but you're welcome on behalf of every teenager whose parents got scared that they were into something bad.
You're welcome all of you fucking dumb assholes.
I got bored. I'm smart. It's hard to be smart.
I wonder what heroin is like. It seems great.
I bet it's the best.
It's gotta be fucking wonderful.
It's gotta be better than sex, which is currently the best thing.
Well, it's gotta be better than a can of Pringles, because I had one of those on the show.
Some people call me Pringles, but I never really found out why.
I don't really have a... I've been singing it all day.
Sometimes Pringles just fucking comes into my mind.
Also, I was singing Chicken Noodle Dick all day.
Chicken Noodle Dick, I think, is a good song, and people don't really recognize how good that song is.
It's a good song.
Some of the bonus footage is you can actually see us coming up with Chicken Noodle Dick on the bus.
That was my one note with the movie, is that we didn't see the origin of Chicken Noodle Dick.
Also, do they show you trying everything in the bus with that aspirin dick?
You put peanut butter on my dick, and then not peanut butter on my dick.
That sounded weird. Not with, like, a knife.
A jar of peanut butter.
Yeah, I put it on by hand.
I brought a Cocker Spaniel and a flashlight and a bottle of aspirin.
I don't think... Yeah, whatever.
It's a bonus footage. Check it out.
Let's thank Sieg for coming by.
Thank you. Thanks for coming with me.
Is there anything to plug Sieg?
Hey, how about the Harmontown prints I made?
I'll be here Wednesday selling them and Monomyth here at the store at Meltdown.
Wednesday night.
Thank you, Sieg.
Can I talk about the Rob Schrab thing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's time for our society section.
Rob Schrab continues his fucking campaign of terror on Twitter.
Explain it for people that don't know.
Okay, so this is what it is. This is what it is.
For instance, someone will tweet something and he will ask them the most off.
So, like, yesterday, a couple days ago, Nathan Fielder, who's very funny,
wrote you a tweet, a link, and said, this is a sketch from my show,
and he responded, is there a link?
Well, that's the level of humor we're dealing with, but it's relentless.
It is relentless.
He's committed to being an obtuse weirdo.
So, like, today, Steve Agee tweeted, who wants a Panasonic DVX100B?
And Rob Schrab responded, how many B is it?
It's called Schrabbing, and kids around the world are doing it.
And kids love it.
They call it Schrabbing.
This is another one.
So, I did a really stupid joke, but this is not what the story is about.
I just found this just scrolling through the story.
I made a stupid joke.
It was late night, and I just said, I just combined two comedians,
like Zach Altonakis and Jack Black, and I said, like, my favorite mashup comedian
is Zach Black, or something stupid.
It's not a funny thing.
And then I...
Yeah, Jack Altonakis.
Rob Schrab responds, what are some others?
I like...
This is what...
That's an opportunity for a great tweet premise.
Look at this.
I want 900 of these.
I like Jonah Robin Williams.
Bill Cosby Top.
Bobcat DeGeneres.
Wait, these are yours?
No, these are Schrabbs.
Bobcat DeGeneres.
They don't make sense.
He's just doing random shit.
Red Fox Hicks, and then he starts hashtagging it,
Camelsbit.
This is my favorite one.
Cedric the Cherry Seinfeld.
He's the Andy Warhol of tweets.
He really is.
He's drawing a picture of a soup can.
So I tweeted.
I started...
I started rewatching the X-Files, and I do a podcast
about the X-Files on the Feral Network.
Listen to it.
I've heard people connected with the show
tweeting at me every now and then nobody baked.
But like, you know, periphery.
So this guy who writes the new X-Files comic book
tweeted at me, he was like, hey, have you read it?
His name is Joe Harris.
I was like, no, I haven't.
I've heard amazing things.
Rob Schrabbs responds to me, him, and the publisher.
Wait, does that mean that he's following all of you two?
I don't know.
I bet.
No, it's just he's checking your timeline.
He's just checking, and like...
He does it all.
He puts the work in.
He really does.
I mean, if you look at his timeline,
it's so much work goes into it.
So many disparate targets.
Like, he's going after everybody.
He has office hours for this thing.
So I responded, no, I haven't read it.
Sounds awesome.
Rob Schrabbs responds to everybody,
I heard a cow once.
So I got really angry.
Is Rob having a stroke?
Is he all right?
I heard it's awesome.
I heard a cow once.
Great.
I can't wait for your office hours to be over.
So I got really angry, and I just tweeted.
I said, if this tweet gets 200 retweets,
I'll block Rob Schrabbs.
Yeah.
And then it got so many.
And then, obviously, I didn't block him.
He's like, it's not 200, it's 277,
so you still have to be friends with me.
See?
So then this happened.
The next thing, this is the one I wanted to tell you guys,
this is one Dan and I...
So this is how you got into it.
You tweeted that
Rick and Morty was coming out
on Blu-ray,
and he responded on what format?
Fair question.
So this is what happened.
So then I tweeted...
Oh, you tweeted. No, I tweeted
something stupid.
I said, it doesn't matter.
It's about Captain America
and how he's black and someday won't matter.
It's not a funny tweet. It's one of my, you know,
social justice tweets.
That's part of my brand.
I said something about that, then Dan Hart...
You said, look, whites have a talent for noticing race.
We can use it to advance or destroy society,
but if we drop it, then we're out of work.
Very funny, very funny.
Self-deprecating, weight-loathing tweet.
It's great, and it's me and you talking.
Yes. It's two intellectuals.
We're kind of a daily show level
social commentary.
A lot going on.
Rob Schrupp jumps in with
I Can Draw.
This is his dream, by the way,
is you recounting all this.
This is where all the laughter...
He's going to be listening to this,
and it's like...
I think because he isn't
abstractist kind of
in general,
I think he has created
a movement here.
He's going through some kind of metamorphosis.
He was at Comic-Con.
I came to the Starburns booth, and he was sitting there
with all these old Skud comics
just to sell them and sign them,
and he kept making these comments as people would come up
and they would go, I really like community.
I'm so glad you got six seasons,
and then Rob would just go,
yeah, look who's nose tried.
He was just chiming in
with old...
And then I was like,
man, does anybody have a napkin?
Because I was eating a pretzel with mustard on it,
and he handed me a copy
of Skud number one.
I was like, here you go.
I was like, what's going on?
He's doing this bit where he's like...
I think he's having...
the transcendence like that Johnny Depp movie.
Yeah, he's crossing over.
He's crossing over.
He came there with a box of comic books.
Rob doesn't need money.
Everybody needs money,
but Rob didn't think he was going to...
Why is he sitting at that table
with the comic books?
He was doing a character.
He's like, we're performance artists now.
So he responded with,
Rob Schwab just
texted me
right now.
He's fucking in here.
Is he here?
He's inside the building.
He texted me, what's my name on Twitter?
What does that even mean?
It's the dumbest question of all.
He topped himself.
This is like the beginning of Scream.
This is horrifying.
Somebody must be texting him
and I don't even know him.
I approve of his humor
100%.
I always enjoy it.
It's always perfect.
He used to get mad at me
for doing what he called repeat-rooting
where I would do a bit over and over again.
Rob, nice parking and I would keep doing a bit.
He's now just doing repeat-rooting.
He just repeat-rooting.
So he responded with, I can draw
and Dan responded with hashtag
so could Hitler.
And we're both,
which by the way is my favorite hashtag.
Yeah.
It trended in Argentina.
Well, that was just because
of all the World Cup tweets.
Boy, these guys can really score a goal.
So, you said that
and we were both like smarting from
just a couple days of just intense stuff.
So then I said
the trains aren't running on time.
Rob's watched though.
So in a way, Hitler was better than Schrab.
You said,
well for one thing, when Goebbels posted propaganda
Hitler didn't write,
what country is this promoting
underneath it?
And then I said,
I said, and when Hitler heard the phrase
final solution, he wasn't like,
how many solutions will there be after this one?
So yeah, in a lot of ways,
Hitler and Schrab.
And then the next thing he did,
he didn't respond to any of those,
and that's where the fucking
Bill Cosby, Robert Foxx thing happened.
And I was like, all right, you win.
I am never.
Is there a way that we can,
you can't subvert what he's doing,
because the whole thing is subversion,
he comes underneath you.
Is there a way that this audience right here
that we can attack Rob Schrab on Twitter and do something?
People are already,
they can't post his tweets or to his comments.
Yeah, he can't post a picture of his dog without
there being 150.
What kind of animal is this?
That's just him spreading.
It's like a virus.
It's amazing.
I guess the way to do it is to,
the way to subvert him is to co-opt it
and make it bigger than him.
We should post a standout site.
We should call it someone else though.
Credit it with someone else.
We call it coomailing.
We say that you created it.
We all go after like Cameron Diaz.
We all say that it's your bit.
Where should we post it?
I think we should post it.
This is a sad family.
Adam Goldberg just got excited and the crowd got
very bummed out about it.
We should make a huge banner that says
hey Rob Schrab, where do you live?
And put it like outside his house.
No.
How about this?
Every time, just hashtag his phone number.
Oh yeah, that's it.
His home phone.
His cell phone.
That's not a thing.
Final solution.
He's a monster
and there is no way to defeat him.
He's a bad person but he's created
an art movement.
He's like a situation.
I feel like it's spread by this point.
It's like
I feel like there's a kid somewhere doing that
underneath a high school friends Instagram
without any connection to us at all.
People are just going like
There's more.
This is what he was doing two days ago.
This is what he's doing.
Wait, he's live testing you right now?
No, no, no. This is what I found.
He said two days ago,
I'll be signing,
I'll be taking the booth blah blah blah.
Not 391.7 Saturday at 11AM.
Hashtag SDCC 2014,
Hashtag SCUD TDA.
Someone said
will you be at the booth there today at all Rob Schrab?
And Rob responded
I'll be signing slash selling rare SCUD merch
and original art.
He didn't get the joke.
No, he did.
I said that, I didn't bury the lead.
No, multiple people have responded
with that exact thing and he has copied and pasted the same thing in every
response. He says the same thing. The hunters become hunted. But then he's become the hunter again.
I think he's having a nervous breakdown. He Instagrammed a picture of himself
heading home from the con and said like I'm leaving the convention because I'm
having such because it was so much fun or something. It was kind of a sad emo
kind of picture of him and I don't know how to seriously to take that. Did he have
a good time? I don't know. Does he love this new role he's playing? I don't know.
I think he just misses Kate. I think Kate's doing something. He said I'm leaving
early because I miss my wife and dog. He's worthless without Kate and the
dog. If you see him out alone, he cannot wait to get back to that little dog. Oh
yeah, he doesn't like to be like out and about really. Why do you leave
early? That might be the first. All right, I want to bring up a new
person. A new person. Should we slant female? I say definitely. Because we've had
testosterone. There's too many boys on stage right now. We need somebody to play
Erin McGathy's character in D&D. Do we have any anybody vaguely girly that
wants to do it? Oh, we got a hand over here. All right.
Not that I see gender. What is your name? Stephanie. Hello Stephanie. Welcome to the
stage. Stephanie or Stephanie? Stephanie, sorry. Stephanie. You didn't go to the
convention? I did not, no. Work? No, it's just kind of expensive. Yeah, they get so
hard to get this. And a fucking glass of water over there. I'm sorry I'm so
profane all of a sudden. Shit, excuse me. Fuck, fuck, fuck. We have one garland
stadium. Fuck, fuck, fuck, poison ivy. Fuck, grab your ass. What was the
example? Your buffet. $26 for a hotel buffet. $26. You couldn't get water for
like under $3. I hate San Diego. San Diego's a bad place. Oh, it was more hotels
than anything else really. And hotels are always bad. I thought San Diego was
lovely. Never been to Balboa Park. Yeah, but not the downtown in San Diego's
would have a problem. It's really walkable. You can't get up. It's not a... It's so walkable.
Is it walkable? It is. It's walkable. It's so fucking contagious. Stephanie, where are you from?
I live in LA. Are you born and raised here? No, I am from a small town in the
desert. Which desert? Mojave? Mojave, yes. Ridgecrest, California. Anybody? Nope.
It seems like you're being pursued by a gang or something. You can't get too many details.
No one's from there. Is that out in the desert? No, no, no. Is it? There's a place
with a very similar name to that. That's definitely out in the desert. She just said it from the Mojave desert.
No, sorry, guys. My friend moved out there. He was my best friend. Now we're all in
Schrab Alert right now. I was busting out character sheets, guys. Sorry.
Stephanie, what were you doing? I was busting out character sheets, you guys.
God, no. Don't let it proliferate. Stephanie, you fled the desert. Now you live in Los Angeles?
Yes. And what do you do out here? I'm a web designer. Really? Yes. Fantastic. What websites have you worked on?
I used to be a web designer. Oh, nothing good right now. That's what I did.
I used to design it. Yeah, it's tough. How do you know when you're finished?
You're never done. Did you go to school for that? I went to school for art, so I have a fine arts degree.
Also, your web pages look pretty. You're more, less programming, more, like, vibe.
I mean, vibe and brand is important, but also, like, the efficiency of the website.
Right. How does it work? I want to be more of a product designer, but right now I'm just kind of doing the visual design.
Product designer? Product is in, like, the entire website, the functionality.
Okay. You know, really taking the count of users. Yeah, you're just starting, though.
Yeah, I'm kind of starting. Do you believe in God? No.
Well, then nobody's going to help you. I can tell.
It's a bummer. Because, you know, if God wanted us to be on the web,
he would have put mouse cords in our hands. He would have had.com as a button on the keyboard.
Yeah. Yeah. Gotta keep typing that shit out all the time.
You hold control and press O. Fuck you, Adam.
Wait, okay, no, I'm sorry. You do what? You hold control and press O.
Control O? Control enter. Is that a control enter? We're all strong.
Is that Mac or PC? Control enter is.com? It's not true. Control enter. Yeah.
For real? Mac or PC? I don't. I use a PC, but it's probably not.
Of course you use a PC. Well, then that's... What does that mean? You're a bad person.
Yeah. Control O? Control enter.
Control enter, I'm sorry. What's control O? Probably open. Open? I think I'll never learn
all the little hot key things that you can do. I think... I watched you type, Dan, one time
on the computer. You type and stuff, and you have all these little special commands that
you're making the cursor just duck and dive all over the thing. It was very exciting.
I learned everything I know from watching Swordfish.
Is that why you have two computers and you take your shirt off all the time?
Yeah. It doesn't look as cool, but I always say... There's actually... What's the website?
Everyone should experience this. It's pretty fun. You guys probably already knew about it
from years ago. It's called Hacker... Hacker... I don't know. Hacker Typer?
Hacker Typer. Hacker Typer. Google around about it. It's just a website where it waits for
keystrokes and then it just generates. So you can just sit here and type on your keyboard and it looks
like you're a super hacker. Oh yeah. It's really cool. Does it have like cubes aligning? That's
what we thought... No, no, no. It's just code. It's just code. That's how it is on Silicon Valley.
We just type random shit and it like pops the lights. Yeah. It's really fun. It's like going
to a Western saloon set and breaking a bottle over your head. It's just a magical thing that
you get to do. It's pretty cool. I did it for like 20 minutes. But you can do it for real. I'm not a
hacker. No, but you could... I can't type. You program. You do HTML? I do HTML, yeah. Do you do
PHP? A little bit. JavaScript? Do you use smarty templates? No. I haven't designed a web page since
1999. Is that a real thing? Smarty templates were awesome back in my day. Do you use MS
print shop? I don't. Do you use Mario Paint? All right, Spencer, distribute our character sheets
if you would. All right. I would. So Stephanie, you're going to play the role of Malran Sedona.
Are you familiar with that? A little bit. A little bit. Now, I did not listen to the last
episode. So what happened as Spencer... I haven't listened to it. We wisely did a side mission
because we had Duncan up here. So all he wanted to do is cut off Kumail's nipples. Duncan wanted
to assassinate Kumail's character so much. His is a different culture. He cut my nipples? I have
some theories. We did like a side... It was like a what if Marvel comic. Is that canon? Are my nipples
still there? Who knows? It felt like a one-off. We were playing ourselves and we just ran out
into traffic and we were like flipping cars over. Spencer not met a gaming or side barring,
but my cactus card from the cactus bunch, we never found out about, right? Well... Did I ever
find out about it? You found out... What? It's a card. It's a card, but what does it entitle me to?
Who knows? I guess you didn't find out. And also, I have a strange painted stick
that we don't know about. You sure do, man. Okay. Okay. Stephanie, are you ready to join us on what
threatens to be the greatest D&D in podcast history? Sure. All right. Yeah, don't worry about that
cheat so much. It's like a jumping off point. I'll just drink a lot and then ignore it completely.
That's a... She's drinking water. I'm drinking water. I'm also only 18. I can't even drink. That's a lie. That's a lie.
You're 18? No, I'm 25. Oh, god damn it. That was really bad joke. All right. We're all going to jail.
Spencer, take us away. Last time on Harmon Town, our heroes were shitting in the purple caverns.
After a wild goose chase by Tylenol with Codeine, they found and destroyed three magical gem
creatures, then went through a crack. It was in that crack that the gang encountered a black dragon,
and after great discussion and harassment, our heroes woke the dragon, but luckily ran away
before it could attack. Leave in the cave and blinking in the sunlight, Sharpie saw a shape
on the horizon, a great black airship. It was one of Admiral Darkstar's vessels. The airship
crashed into the canyon walls, ejecting flaming goblins across the wreckage site, and after
slaughtering two of the flaming passengers, Sharpie bagged the last one in his bag of holding.
Examining the flaming vessel for loot, Quark discovered a crystalline disc, and realizing
its nature, used the unit to power on the robot baby. But would the robot be peace-loving or
built for war? Could our heroes navigate their way out of the purple canyons? Are bags of holding
fireproof? Where was Tylenol with Codeine? Find out on this next episode of an all-new Harmon
Talent Time episode.
So we have a flaming goblin in the bag of holding right here. I mean, who knows? That's what I said,
I think. It's in the bag of holding, right? Sure. And the robot baby's awake. Oh, yeah.
Seeing, yeah, you find yourself in the purple caverns. The robot baby is slowly but surely
powering itself on. As you look, you feel arcane energies coalescing in the air around you,
and as your threads of light seem to be streaming from the ground in air converging upon the baby,
it activates its eyes glow bright blue and all the energy absorbs inside of its metal shell
with a twinkle. It gets up onto its feet and looks around, and it's like,
unit active, diagnostic complete, logic core damaged. Hello. Swipe to unlock.
I swipe the baby. Hello. You guys aren't gnomes. I'm a gnome. You guys are a gnome.
But you guys aren't. I'm confused. You're just a baby. What's your name, little fella?
Logic damaged. That's a strange name. What? What's your name? Logic damaged.
Well, I have to give him a name. His name is Logic damaged. Logic damaged. What?
Your name is Logic damaged. Oh, my name is Logic damaged.
What is your prime directive? Prime directive.
My prime directive unlocked the secret gate of Logic damaged.
Resting place of Logic damaged. What are you guys doing?
That's a good question. I feel like that's important information. We're just kind of like,
we kind of roam from town to town, generally kill people, forget to loot them. We're kind of
faggabonds. We set things on fire mostly. I don't really, I guess that's fine.
We stole you. Oh, these are all normal things? Yeah, totally normal. Very admirable traits.
Can I call you a Lodgy? Whatever you want. Listen, Lodgy, how do we restore your logic,
the part of the syntax, the code that doesn't compute? I don't know. I don't know how I'm put
together. Well, can we talk about the location that you're supposed to go to to find the resting
place of the thing that you don't remember? I don't know where it is or what it is. Who has
Logic Arcana? What? Of us. Because he's spoken like Arcane Logic or Arcane Knowledge Arcana.
Arcane energy is coming off of it. It's true. Knowledge of Arcana. That'll teach you of its
magical nature, perhaps. I don't have it. I have a sticky that says Robot Plans.
Yeah, Robot Plans. Oh. Could we look at the Robot Plans? Or is that Plans we make? Is there
some code we can hack? You look at it. You see some various words, but you can't read it, I guess,
because it's there maybe in Gnomish. I take the Robot Plans and read it. All right. Most,
you can't read a lot of these words, too, because they're weird jargon. But a couple places, you
see a couple of areas by the forehead that say Logic. Those are the words you can make out.
On the baby's forehead? On the Plans. Oh, it's like a drawing of the baby. Yeah, the Robot Baby
Plans. I examine the baby's forehead. It looks normal, I guess. I do have knowledge of Arcana,
like a 13 skill bonus. I mean, that doesn't, we don't care, do we? Well, it mostly is about
magic. So if you're questioning, like, oh, wow, what kind of magic animated this guy? Yeah. I mean,
any insights there? What's it, plus 13? Yeah. You determine that it's, you know, a golem. It's
not any other type of automata. It's definitely a golem, which means it's infused with some sort
of living soul. Is that a Jewish thing? Well, yeah, actually, I mean, technically speaking, yeah,
Jewish. So it's like a Jewish baby? It's like a Jewish muppet. We should probably circumcise it,
right? It doesn't, we've been over this, it doesn't have a penis. Oh, so somebody already fucked that
up. Is it a lady? Is it a baby? It doesn't seem to have a gender, really. Your location that
you're supposed to go to, were you supposed to go to it with others? I don't know. Was it on this
plane of reality? Yep. So it's a geographic location? Yep. And you, but you don't know where it is? Yep.
Would you, would you, would you know if you got closer to it? I don't really know. Probably.
Maybe. I don't know. Maybe not. No. Well, are you, are you programmed with a map that, that,
that tells you where to go or are you programmed with a sensor that like, like makes you sense when
you get closer to this place? I don't think either of those things really. Have you been awake before?
Is this your first time awake? No, I have not, sir. Hey, I like this guy.
How many of you are there? I don't know. I'm of me. Are you programmed for battle?
I don't, what? No, what? Can you hurt people? Maybe. How would you do that? We should test
it self-defense by trying to kick it and see what it does. So, okay, well, what do you want to do?
Well, I'm not doing that. Can I try it? I'm a gnome. I'm not kicking this baby.
I'm going to try and kick the baby just to see, just to see if it's a fighting baby. I think this
is a bad idea, but I, maybe it's a fighting baby and this is how we find out. Okay. All right.
Hey, uh, uh, Lodgy, uh, and then I, I kick you. What's your strength here?
I don't kick at full strength. Okay. 13 plus one. All right. Well, uh, you kick it and it just falls
over. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. Jesus. I scoop it up in my arms and start crying. Oh my God.
It's not a fighting baby. Jesus. Not a battle baby. This is normal, right? Yep. Please forget
about this. Lodgy, Lodgy, this is not normal. I take it down to a river and then there's all
kinds of flashbacks of what my dad did to me and I'm freaking the fuck out and I'm just like crying
and like rocking back and forth. Um, it's called stimming what I'm doing. What, what about this,
this Admiral Darkstar vessel that crashed into the, uh, the caverns? It's on fire.
And so all the goblins came out of that and we, we killed a couple. Yeah. Well, Tylenol with
Codeine, um, he stomped on one and he killed the other one. And we have one in the bag of holding.
Yeah. And it's on fire. Uh, what? He was on fire when we put him in there. The goblin was on fire.
Yeah. Right. Somebody take this baby. I give it to a court. Can I have the baby? I'm going to give
it to the gnome. No, you keep kicking the baby. I just kicked the baby once. You kick one baby.
Mulraine, wait. Mulraine, go ahead. Baby cause I'm a woman. Okay. So it's my duty. Is that sexist?
If I give it to him, it's racist. What is it if he give it to me? A fucking practical danger.
An actual measured, scientifically proven danger. Let's give it to Mulraine. Mulraine holds the baby.
All right. I give it to Mulraine, but, and I'm going to pull this goblin out of the bag of holding.
All right. It's time to get enhanced about our interrogation. Okay. All right. Jack Bauer business.
Oh. Bored some water. Has the lamp been invented yet? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, which kind of lamp?
One with a dimmer switch? No. I mean, we have enough weapons, enhanced interrogation is not
going to be a problem. All right. All right. So as you pull them out of your hand, it burns,
you know, because the goblin's on fire. Ow. Is it still on fire? Yeah. Yeah. You take
Schrabbing? No. I just, my characters thought you reached it. I take my water skin and douse
the goblin. Well, Sharpie takes five fire damage and you smell the smells of burning wood and
fibrous items coming from inside the bag of holding. Ah, fuck. What does that mean? I put my
head and hand into the bag of holding. No, no. I got to put out the fire. Okay. Well, I take my
water. Hey, I have a weird theory. Maybe it's a fire putting out baby. Let's toss in.
You guys are, it could be a, give you lady, give the baby to the gnome. No, you just lost your
baby privileges. I take the baby, I take the baby and protect the baby. He could be a fireman
baby. He's a robot baby. And we tried to kick it and we succeeded. Listen, and I feel terrible
about it. These, these are the, the imprinting moments of a robot baby's wife. It's learning.
It doesn't know its name. Now its name is Robert Loggia. It's not Robert Loggia. So could we tell
him that he fights fires? Well, not if, not if he's not good at it. I, I take the baby, I said,
baby, we got to, we got to, we got to fire a situation. Oh, great. No, bad. That's bad. You
just said, you earlier said that that was completely normal to do to towns and cities. Oh, no. Okay,
yeah, look. Oh, no. What are we doing to this baby's mind? This is like three men and a baby.
Um, I said, do you have any firefighting skills, baby? How do you fight the fire? I don't, I'm
asking you. Clearly doesn't. Okay. Sharpie, you're going to put your, you're going to look into the
bag. I'm going in the bag with my, and I'm going to cast Ray of Frost on any existing fire. All
right, you put out any existing fire and the rest of the smoke puts a, you know, comes out, but
bring a frost. Some of your used to be popular. Some of your items is not like a kind of a low
level spell, but that turned out pretty good. Yeah. But it gives a job done. What got lost?
Some of your items are damaged. Which, which ones? I don't know. Nice to your sheet.
Well, I already crossed everything off. I think. Oh, so, so you, everything that was in the bag
of holding caught fire and now it's all bullshit. I put a burning goblin in her bag of holding.
Was the goblin alive? I wasn't, I don't remember. Well, as it happens, everything flammable was
not in the bag of holding. It was in a backpack. Okay, good. So there's a, there's a, maybe some
burning happening in the inside of the bag that's, you know, maybe there's some bag leaks.
Great. Nothing you can see inside the bag. It's all dark. Get that goblin out, Sharpie. He's
already out. He's out, but he's still on fire, right? Yep. He's still on fire. It's like magic
fire. He's like a trick birthday candle this guy. Oh, he's a flaming goblin, like by trade.
He's not just on fire by accident. I mean, whether or not you decide that he's a flaming
goblin by birth or by cultural choice is very controversial. So tread lightly.
I prefer to think that he was born this way. That makes it better for you. Oh, yeah. Okay.
What do you want to look at it as like a perverse lifestyle?
I thought we were talking about a different parallel and now I realize it's gay people. Yeah.
What did you think I was doing? Black people? Really? I prefer to think black people were born
in black. I do. I also would like, but the traits, the specific traits. Anyway, this is us. We're
getting into a real bag of holding over here. I asked the goblin, what was it going on in the
Admiral Darkstar's ship? Oh, what? Did you talk like this too? Hello, goblin. I hope my sword
at like in a threatening manner towards his neck. I go, I go, what's what's your story,
cocksucker? You didn't choose to be a cocksucker.
There's nothing wrong with that. I've been watching a lot of Deadwood,
everything's gonna be a cocksucker. My name is Justin. Justin. Justin. State your purpose,
Justin. I'm a member of the BuzzFace Raiders. The BuzzFace Raiders. Yeah. Our gang is tough,
loving goblins. Tough loving. We love tough. Well, you're gonna love sword in your stomach.
If you don't tell me what Admiral Darkstar is up to right now. I don't know who that is,
what you're talking about. Did you just come off a vessel from Admiral Darkstar? I came off of a
flaming ship. It wasn't flaming earlier. The ship bore his mark. Quote unquote, cocksucker.
Our brethren liberated the vessel for ourselves. Oh, interesting. We couldn't drive it.
Oh, so you didn't get shot down. You guys are just bad at flying vessels?
We're not terrible. Looks like you are terrible. I think that maybe there just weren't enough of us.
Where did you get the vessel from? We stole it from the air city. If there wasn't enough of you,
can we all hop on and drive it? Oh, it's all wrecked up, I think. I can't fix it. I'm a pirate.
Do you think the baby could fix it? Maybe it's a ship fixing baby. Maybe it's a ship fixing baby.
That's the purpose of this baby. I put the baby down on the ground and I go,
baby, I grabbed the baby. No. You're not a fit parent. I want to show you guys that I'm a good
parent. I'm not going to do anything bad to the baby. I'm sorry I kicked the baby. And I'm not,
this is me showing I love the baby. Okay. And I'm going to be good to the baby. I give you one more
chance with this baby. Oh, I'm good with the baby. All right. So I have the baby. Right. Yeah.
All right. I want to ask the goblin one question. All right. Where did you get the disk that
activated this baby? That was on the ship. Oh, where did you get the ship? We stole it from the
air city. Sorry. Sorry. I didn't mean to Schrab you. How can we get to the air city? You'd have to fly
there. No, that makes sense. How damaged is the ship? Is it totally unflyable now? Is it
all Hindenburg? Too soon? Too late, I think. Too late. Don't kill me. I'm on fire. Do you want us
to put you out? Are you comfortable being on fire? If I recall correctly, you tried that multiple
times. So you're good. I'm on fire, but I can't do anything about it. Are you always on fire?
This is I was not always on fire. We should. Is there more? Do you have no more radio frost?
I have my armlet of winter, my armulets. And I go, I'm a little winter. Put this goblin out.
Cold air streams towards him. And it doesn't put him out. Jesus Christ. I mean, it's,
the guy's, he's fine. Fire. He seems okay. Hey, uh, you know, people go through changes and that's
part of it. Do you think that this fire is not going out because of the propulsion system of
your stolen zeppelin? I know. I don't think so. We got hit by lightning, flaming lightning. Oh,
it's like a magic fire. You're like cursed or something. Sure. It's like a fire curse. I take
the baby and go examine the wreckage. No, I don't give you the baby. I hold on to the baby. Ask me
if you want the baby. Ask me if you want the baby. Christopher, would you accompany me while holding
the baby and go look at the wreckage of the ship? Because it seems to be that maybe there's,
this baby has some sort of connection to it. I would love to. Okay. Wasn't that easy?
You're really on edge right now. I just, I'm, I feel bad about, I, I feel bad about kicking
with it. We, we, we probably want to get to this air city, right? Let's go to look at the thing.
I don't know. Do you want to just go everywhere that gets mentioned
in a movie? Yeah. Yes. Yes, I do. And here's why Sharpie. Here's why I do want to go everywhere
that's mentioned because we've, we've been to a lot of places. We were, we were in an, in Finifish.
We have been to the like nether worlds, the shadow planes. We've been all over the place.
And what do we have the show for it? Nothing. Right. We are, I don't want to be wandering the
earth or the planes and the realms for the rest of my life. I want to, I'd like to have a little
money. I'd like to, I'd like to, you know, maybe we'll open a shop one day that sells cigarettes
and, and just be a happy gnome. But right now, like we're not getting anything done. I feel
like now we're hitting our stride. And I feel like right now what we do is we follow our nose
and we go, we say yes to the universe right now and we loot every fucking person we see.
Wait, you want to go to the air city to rob it? What? Yes. Yes. Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying.
Because look, are we good or are we bad? We've killed a lot of people for no reason. Hey, hey,
you kick baby. No, I'm saying when we earmuffs, baby, now you could talk about the shit we've
done. Now you're protecting the baby. Yeah, it's a baby. Okay. I'm just saying, I think we have a
moral compass right now that we're pretty good about knowing good from evil. But I do say that
what we've gained over these travels is an ability to ascertain and use that sword to cut through
the bullshit of morality, of good and evil. And I think it's time to start making that money.
I feel exactly the opposite way. I mean, I feel like we have been directionless in all of our
adventures. Well, maybe we should just part company then. Like maybe like what are we doing? Listen,
I think, should we all just say fuck it? I mean, okay, how about this? Let's all go home. Where's
your home? I can't remember. Yeah, I don't even I don't I can't remember my phone number where I
live. I don't know what the fuck. I don't know how to like taxi. There's no taxi. We can't go. I do
need to get back home to my father. Yep. Back at the but the Buttsalot. Where is that? Where is the
Buttsalot tribe? How do we get there in Buttsalotia? How do we get to Buttsalotia? Butz expanse. Where
where's the butz expanse? Well, I mean, you took some portals. You don't know exactly your
geographic location. I'm saying that we're we're adrift right now. Yeah, but you know what? Now
we have a new anchor. We have a baby. We don't know what's going on. And we don't know. But we
want to give this baby the best life possible. I agree with you. I agree. We've done a lot of wrong.
But now I agree. Right. Christopher with you. Christopher. I agree with you. But we have to
give this baby a life. What sort of life are we going to give them? We're gonna do the right thing.
No more looting. No more killing things. I say enough. Are you saying that we're not if we get
confronted by bad guys, we're not going to kill them? Listen, it's self defense. Sure. But we're
not going to set red shops on fire because we don't like their prices. I'm not saying I'm not
saying that we're murderers. We go out and there's wantonly killing people. I'm saying that when
the crisis presents itself, yeah, and we have to use violence, we take care of ours. And we loot
the motherfuckers. I mean, I don't like the L word. Here's what I would say. All right, the disc,
the disc that got put into the baby came from the ship. The ship came from the city. The disc
has the information on it. The information is damaged. The disc has something to do with some
waking place, arresting place, some place of the treasure, the thing the baby's programmed to go.
I have, I think we follow that instinct. We go to this city, we find out who made the disc.
And it's not, it's not just us saying, yes, everything is mentioned, we go do. I'm saying that
by this point, we have to follow our noses. You just gotta stop robbing and raping and
we're not going. We don't, we've never raped. No, I've raped, I've raped. Okay, look. Don't
say the rape word. Old habits die hard. I might rape anything that comes up by.
Usually an animal of some sort. Usually a furry creature. Okay, could you just give us like
five before you can go do it so we can not have the baby see you fucking a deer or whatever?
I say, because we have a baby with us, I'm going to be on my best behavior,
but we do have to go find Sky City. Okay. All right, we go to the air city to find out where the,
where the, where the disc got made so we can find out, let this baby fulfill its destiny and make
us rich. Yes. How are we going to air city? How? Yeah. We go to ground town, which has gotta have
a way to get to air city. Otherwise, how would they get there? Yeah, you gotta take a step back
to move two steps forward. Is there a place called the ground town? Who are you asking, I guess?
Is there a place? I asked the goblin, like where, when you go get to air city, where do you go
first? How did you get there? We flew there. Yeah. Where do you get the shit that you fly there? Arrow
Hawks? Arrow Hawks? You fish them out of the sky. What are they? They're all around us. What are
they? They're Hawks. Arrow Hawks. I look up, I examine the sky for Arrow Hawks. You don't see
any. Shit. Avenger. Seer. What? See, that's how I think how Animorphs noted Falcon Cries.
Avenger, look for Arrow Hawks. Seer. It does. It looks around. It doesn't, it doesn't see any.
Are they around in this area or do they habitat a different part of the world? Where I'm from,
they're all around. Where are you from? The hills. Okay, well, how far are the hills? Well,
we flew there. I don't, I don't know. Feels like we need to go to the hills to get an Arrow Hawk
to fly to air city. Let's, let's run to the hills. Are those the, do we see hills? You do.
Not those ones though. Not those, not those. All right. Okay. What do you say? He said,
not those. The hills where you can see are not the hills that he means. Where did it,
Goblin, do you know how to find an Arrow Hawk? Oh, you know, you find me an Arrow Hawk nest.
Where would you find an Arrow Hawk nest? The tops of the hills. Lead us there. I don't know. We flew
here. It's different down here. I can't see where wet. I want to kill myself. Goblins have
a lot to tell. Adventure can't accomplish this. Adventure can't find the highest. He's flying
around. He's not seeing anything. They're not native to these parts. Airships go fast and far, man.
Shit. Maybe they're on all the hills. So maybe these hills will have Arrow Hawks on them.
I mean, I'm not saying it's amazing logic. Anybody in the crowd have any ideas?
I don't think he can fly.
Yeah. Tylenol with codeines there, by the way, guys. Oh, hello. Kalu Kalei. I have been hither
and yon and yon and hither. I was just hanging out with the Jabberwock on Emerald Hills.
Tylenol. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've been neglecting you right now. Do you know how to find an Arrow
Hawk? Oh, yes. Yes. I know many Arrow Hawks in my travels. Take us to one. I will. And now away.
Away. He grasps his Emerald of Shadowworlding and phases out of existence.
He left? Yeah. I feel like that's pretty in character for him.
That fucking guy. Is he coming back? Hey. We don't swear in front of the...
Okay. Don't swear in front of the kick, baby. Okay. New rule, we don't bring up the K word.
New rule? Yeah. New rule. Can we just let that be? Avenger. Return to my arm. Seer.
Where are the most hills? North. I say we go north. Let's go north.
North. Wait, where are the hills of specific color? Where are you from, Goblin?
They're just... No, they're the same color as this one. Okay. All right. Sorry.
Hey, no, no, no. Music swells as we walk... We walk north. Time passes.
You see, you see, far off a small village in a signpost that says Rosebook, a tiny little village.
Please don't pillage. Yeah. Can we take this sign seriously? Can we practice? Practice,
right? Yes. No. We're in town. We're not... We don't... They're lucky. Look, we never pillaged
shit. We broke his Job's turkey, man. We don't have any fucking money. I don't know what that
means. I don't like it. We destroy everything we touch. But we don't pillage. We just destroy.
Okay. We won't anymore. Pillage implies gain. All right. Let's go and be nice. Okay. We're
going to the village. We walk into Rosebook. It's slain. Yeah. You walk into Rosebook and be prepared
to face all the things it has to offer. It's 10-0-5. No, he wasn't. Cliff Hanger! There we go.
Let's thank Stephanie, everybody, for helping us out. Good luck with your web design.
Let's also thank Seek Donnelly. Good luck with Mono Myth. Kumail Nanjiani. You can see him on
the Meltdown Show on Comedy Central. Silicon Valley, of course. Spencer Crittenden. The Dungeon
Master with the mostest. I'm Jeff Davis. Your mayor is Dan Harmon. Thank you. I would say,
of all cliffhangers, that has to be the most tantalizing. I think we really left the audience
on the edge of a cliffhanger. Good night all. Drive safely. Or drive fast and take chances.